
Idea:

I need to build website for the company name VyomAi Pvt Ltd. located in Tokha , Kathmandu , Nepal . email Id is Info@vyomai.cloud . 
 This is the company where i should be able to sell Ai agent templates , bots, connect with company official application like email , calender , microsfot domain , google domain and make your work easier keep track , give you the data analytical report with expert intelligent AI for your personal use business wise as well as personal wise. 

What i want website should be need and futuristics , including the AI chat bot so that users can ask about the site and what actually they want .

Website should be able to make sure user understand that company will help you to build the AI agent for company employee to use and also with different plaft form like google , microsft o365 cloud. 

This is the start up company in AI filed working and researching in the path of AI technology . We are here to share the knowdlwdge to you so that if you can also share same knowledge to others for Better of everyone . 

We work hard and try to give you best product AI product solution for your organiation with best pricing and consultant for AI platform integration. 

Make sure website reflect the traditional sanskrit vide of NEPAL in the website as well as the Gobally platform reach for future growth . 

Give me once page website with best animation playful futuristic website so that user wont get bored . also website should be able to link with socialmedia like linked insta gram facebook whats app viber . 

Make sure there is website visit count and nepali flag in the website. For this also there should be backend if i want to changed .

Make sure there should be place to published article or demonstration file and vidoe. For this also there shouldbe backend if i want to change data. 
Makesure that security waise the website is top noch uptodate abd fully secured . for this also editing backend should be there for my data if i want to change .

There should be the payment gateway like fonepay system payment gateway system so that if users want to pay on line should be able to pay so for this please make sure so tha i can edit in future for like enabling and disable system should be there in the back end . 

I also need backend for website for other necessary part for editing and deleting data for the website . so that i can edit in future my data for the website . 




